Hola amigos. My name is Martha,
and I teach at Excelsior Classes,
an online academy for homeschoolers.
Because we meet virtually,
the idea of a class library was out of reach
for my students, and for me.
I really struggled trying to find material
that was cost-effective,
relevant, and accessible to my students.
Flangoo has turned out to be the solution to this problem.
I love the variety of reading materials,
the audio component, the comprehension questions,
and the teacher controls that allow me to
gauge student participation and performance,
but I'm not the only one who loves it.
My students love it too.
The subject matter, the comprehensible input,
the glossary, all these are elements
that they have commented on.
The teacher controls also reveal that many of my students
are going beyond the required reading,
and have been sneaking extra reading.
It's very easy and intuitive for the students
to both register and navigate,
and the how-to videos are very clear and informative,
and there's a little bit of personality in them as well.
My students really loved Brody in his instructional video.
Flangoo is a fabulous service.
I highly recommend it,
and I'm planning to make it a regular language
acquisition tool in my beginning and intermediate
language courses.
Give it a try.